Enhance agent access package documentation (#1990)
MicrosoftDocs/entra-docs: docs/agent-id/agent-access-packages.md

1. Select **Next: Resource roles**. On the **Resource roles** tab, you select the resource roles to include in the access package. Access packages for agent identities can have security group memberships, directory roles, or API permissions as resource roles. For more information, see [add a group](/entra/id-governance/entitlement-management-access-package-resources#add-a-group-or-team-resource-role), [add a Microsoft Entra role](/entra/id-governance/entitlement-management-access-package-resources#add-a-microsoft-entra-role-assignment), and [add an API permission](/entra/id-governance/entitlement-management-access-package-resources#add-an-api-permission-preview). Don't add application roles, SAP roles, or SharePoint Online site roles to an access package for agent identities.

    > [!TIP]

>     > If you're not sure which resource roles to include, you can skip adding them while creating the access package, and then [add them](/entra/id-governance/entitlement-management-access-package-resources) later. For API permissions, resource ownership validation occurs both during onboarding the permissions to an access package and again when adding permissions to an access package. This additional validation helps ensure that only authorized resource owners can introduce or expand access to API Permissions through access packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > If you're not sure which resource roles to include, you can skip adding them while creating the access package, and then [add them](/entra/id-governance/entitlement-management-access-package-resources) later. For API permissions, resource ownership validation occurs both when you onboard permissions to an access package and when you add them to an access package. This validation helps ensure that only authorized resource owners can introduce or expand access to API permissions through access packages.
```
